docs: add piece store underlying storage docs (#121)
bnb-chain/greenfield-docs: docs/guide/storage-provider/run-book/piece-store.md

---
title: How to deploy Piece Store
order: 5
---

> Greenfield SP is a storage infrastructure for Greenfield decentralized storgage platform. Greenfield SP use `PieceStore` to store users payload data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greenfield SP is a storage infrastructure for Greenfield decentralized storgage platform. Greenfield SP uses `PieceStore` to store users' payload data.
```

Author: fixed

# PieceStore Config

> When creating a PieceStore, there are the following options to deploy underlying storage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a PieceStore, there are the following options to configure underlying storage:
```

Author: fixed

The following are points to note when using the data sharding function:

- The `Shards`` option accepts an integer between 0 and 256, indicating how many Buckets the files will be scattered into. The default value is 0, indicating that the data sharding function is not enabled.
- Only multiple buckets under the same object storage can be used.
- The integer wildcard %d needs to be used to specify the buckets, for example, `http://10.180.42.161:9000%d`. Buckets can be created automatically by SP when creating PieceStore.
- The data sharding is set at the time of creation and cannot be modified after creation. You cannot increase or decrease the number of buckets, nor cancel the shards function.

For example, the following config creates PieceStore with 5 shards.

```toml
[PieceStore]
Shards = 5

[PieceStore.Store]
Storage = 'minio'
BucketURL = 'http://10.180.42.161:9000/mybucket%d'
IAMType = 'AKSK'
```

> After SP is initializing through the above command, PieceStore will create 5 buckets named `mybucket0`, `mybucket1`, `mybucket2`, `mybucket3` and `mybucket4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After SP initialized through the above command, PieceStore will create 5 buckets named `mybucket0`, `mybucket1`, `mybucket2`, `mybucket3` and `mybucket4`.
```
